Failure is always a tough thing to face for all of us and in every field
it's approach differently a lot of that is due to personality. The
major thing in both my work as a cryptologist and as a an academic
researcher is I work in cutting edge fields where there was a lot of
failure you know it's more like baseball you know a good hitter only
hits three out of ten times the other seven times he doesn't get
very far. On-base pitted percentage might be a better example of that
but you get the drift. I think failure is well accepted in both fields
failure even the military of course I can be a mire failure you
didn't defend your position well enough and therefore some untoward
things happen or could be a major failure you failed in a way that
resultants in somebody good getting killed and not achieving admission.
So the one thing about the military is I think they're very forgiving
of failure but all of the snow the failure might cause somebody's
life, unnecessarily and that and many different things, but in terms
of the management reaction to that kind of failure I think both
academia and military were pretty good at saying we knew you were out
on a limb you know if you fell off you fell off we're sorry but we
will only get you.